Add Kubernetes Access FAQ and Troubleshooting docs (#29632)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/kubernetes-access/faq.mdx

Reviewer: I'm not opposed to a separate FAQ, but with the small size of both this page and the section introduction, consider merging this content into the section intro page.

Author: this is just the first iteration of the page. Soon I will add more information so I think a separate page is always interesting.

---
title: Kubernetes Access FAQ
description: Frequently asked questions about Teleport Kubernetes Access
---

> 

Reviewer: Consider adding an intro paragraph explaining the page.

## Can a single `kubernetes_service` serve multiple Kubernetes clusters?

> Yes, a single `kubernetes_service` can serve multiple Kubernetes clusters. It's
> useful when the Kubernetes clusters' nodes can be downsized to zero, but you
> still want to be able to access the Kubernetes API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yes, a single `kubernetes_service` can serve multiple Kubernetes clusters. This
is useful when the Kubernetes clusters' nodes can be downsized to zero, but you
still want to be able to access the Kubernetes API.
```

Check out the
[Kubernetes Service Standalone Guide](./register-clusters/static-kubeconfig.mdx).

> ## Can Teleport be used to restrict access to Kubernetes resources ?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Can Teleport be used to restrict access to Kubernetes resources?
```

> From Teleport 12, Teleport can be used to restrict access to individual

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Yes. From Teleport 12, Teleport can be used to restrict access to individual
```

> Yes. From Teleport 12, Teleport can be used to restrict access to individual

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yes. Since version 12, Teleport can be used to restrict access to individual
```

Kubernetes resources.

Check out the [Teleport Kubernetes Access Controls Guide](./controls.mdx) for
more information and examples.

## Can Teleport automatically discover my Kubernetes clusters on cloud providers (AWS, GCP, Azure)?

> From Teleport 11, Teleport can discover your Kubernetes clusters on AWS, GCP,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since version 11, Teleport can discover your Kubernetes clusters on AWS, GCP,
```
